The Time Capsule
Peppa and her friends
are at their playgroup.
Today, We are going to
make a time capsule.
What. S a time capsule?
A time capsule is something that will
show people in the future how we lived.
How?
We'll put special things in this box.
And then we'll bury it
in the school garden.
Will it grow?
No, Suzy.
It will remain in the ground for many years.
Oooh.
Now,
what things should we put inside?
A Comic!
Very good, Peppa.
Music!
Very good, Suzy...
Atoy!
A coin!
Stamps!
A carrot?
You do like carrots,
don't you, Rebecca?
Yes!
All those are excellent things
to show ourdaily lives.
Madame Gazelle,
what will the future be like?
What do you think it will be like?
I think in the future
I will live on the moon.
And all my friends will come to visit.
And I will fly a space rocket.
Hello!
Now, we'll record a message
forthe people of the future.
Say"hello"to the future.
Hello to the future.
You're probably all living on the moon now.
...And going on holiday to Mars.
...And flying around in space rockets.
Wonderful!
It is nearly home time
and all the parents have arrived.
Mummy, Daddy.
We're made a time capsule.
Ah, Daddy Pig!
You're just in time to help us dig a hole.
Yes, of course.
Daddy Pig is digging a hole in the
school garden forthe time capsule.
There!
Can we dig it up now?
It will remain in the ground for many years.
Oh, but I can't wait that long.
Peppa, you're just like your Daddy
when he was little.
Am I?
Yes, I remember
when I was his teacher.
Did you teach my Daddy?
Yes!
I taught all of your Mummies and Daddies.
Didn't I?
Yes, Madame Gazelle.
When your Mummies and Daddies were little.
They made a time capsule, too
Yes, we did.
We buried it next to a little tree.
Can we dig it up?
Yes, I think we buried it over here.
Oh!
I thought it was a much smallertree.
It was a long time ago!
The tree has grown a bit since then.
I've found something.
It's ourold time capsule.
Hooray!
I can't wait to open it.
Stand back, children.
Yes, Madame Gazelle.
What do we have here?
An old comic...
That was my favorite comic!
Atin toy.
My favorite toy!
Music.
My favorite record!
And... a very old carrot!
That's mine!
What a good choice! Mummy!
And a video tape of
your mummies and Daddies,
when they were little.
Oooh.
Who's the little piggy in the glasses?
Ahhh. That's Daddy Pig.
Oh! And that's me.
Hello to the future!
What a squeaky voice you have!
You're probably living on the moon now.
Silly little Daddy Pig.
Making time capsules is such fun
and finding them is even better!